-: Welcome back.
In this lecture, we are going to install
the EBS CSI driver on our Kubernetes cluster.
So we are going to create an IAM policy for EBS
and associate that IAM policy to our worker node, IAM role.
And then install the EBS CSI driver.
So once we create this role
and then associate it to our EBS EC2 instances,
things like EKS EC2 instances worker node IAM role,
which means like the pods inside
the Kubernetes will be able to access
that respective EBS services from the Kubernetes cluster.
So let's go ahead and then do that now.
So go to Services IAM and then create a policy
with following details.
So let's copy this
and then go to IAM Service.
And then go to Policies,
and then Create a Policy.
And go to JSON and remove existing
and then add this.
And go to Visual Editor
and it'll validate the entire policy here.
And the following EC2 actions,
it is going to pick as part of this,
whatever the JSON we have copied,
it has picked close to two well actions from EC2.
And review policy and provide the name of the policy.
So the name of the policy we are going to say
is Amazon EBS CSI Driver.
And even we can say that for EKS
so that it looks good if you want.
So you see the instance access for EKS.
And then create a policy.
So once the policy got created,
get the IAM role worker node using
an associate this policy to that role.
So you can get your IAM roles on our EKS cluster
using this command, kubectl.
In the kube system namespace, describe configmap aws-auth
so we can get this way.
The one way of getting it is this way.
So let me go to terminals.
So I didn't have my terminal open.
So let's go here
and open the terminal.
Make it bigger.
And then let's space this kubectl-n kube system,
which is in kube system namespace.
Describe the configmap aws-auth
and it should provide the role ARN
So this is the role ARN.
So which means need to search for this in the IAM.
And then under this, we need to associate the policy,
whatever we have created.
So we are here now.
And we can go to Roles and then search for that policy.
So I have copied this
and I have copied from eksctl here.
So from here I have copied this.
And then searching here,
and then I got the policy role here.
So inside this role, we can attach the policy.
Attach. And I can say,
Amazon EBS CSI driver.
So this one we are going to attach
to our worker node IAM role.
So the other way of finding the rollies.
So we can go to EC2.
And in EC2, if you see here,
we'll have the running instances.
And in that we'll have our T3
medium related EKS cluster related instances.
If you see these are related to EKS demo cluster.
So now, I can go here
and then I'll find the IAM role here,
So you can see, IAM role.
So I can click on this directly
and then associate if I want to.
So if you see, already it is associated.
Just now, we have associated.
So this value and this value should be absolutely the same.
So one K8 and one K8,
So in both ways, we can go ahead
and then identify our IAM role.
So now, we have provided the equivalent permissions
for our EC2 instances present in the EKS cluster.
Now we can go ahead and then deploy the EBS CSI driver.
So we should be 1.14 or later.
So let's verify our version.
So we are at 1.16.6 beta.
So good.
so now we are going to deploy the Amazon EBS CSI driver.
So I'll copy this entire thing and then paste it.
So it'll reference to the Kubernetes
special interest groups AWS, EBS CSI driver GitHub repo.
So I'm deploying it.
So whatever is the latest as on today,
it is going to deploy that version.
So it'll take a while.
So it is creating the cluster roles
demonstrates all whatever is required, it has created.
So what we can do is,
I can say,
get pods-n kube system.
So this should be created in kube system.
So let's crosscheck.
So you can see it has created the EBS CSI controller
and then EBS CSI nodes here.
So I'll also add this there in our document.
So it has created and then it is up and running.
So in our next lecture, we'll focus on the next concept.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.